[JS] Add Middleware Documentation (#1174)
SAP/cloud-sdk: docs-js/features/connectivity/generic-http-client.mdx

);
```

## Setting Middlewares

You can specify middlewares for a request via the `middleware` property of the request config

```ts
const response = await executeHttpRequest(httpsDestination, {
  middleware: [myMiddleware],
  method: 'get'
});
```

> A typical use case for middlewares is to add [resilience](../../guides/resilience) to your request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Middleware is a general concept used to add [arbitrary enhancements to the request](../middleware).
A typical use case is to also add [resilience](../../guides/resilience) to requests.
```

> The concept is more general and can be used to add [arbitrary enhancements to the request](../middleware).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
